PM Industries Solapur| About Us
Home
About Us
About Our Self
Our Team
Ordering Information
Heat Shrinkable Termination Kit
Heat Shrinkable Straight Joint
Polymer Insulator
Molded Products
Anti-tracking Cable Breakout
Two, Three and Four Way LV Breakout
Busbar Insulation Tubing (Red)
Creepage Extension Shed (Rain-Shed)
Contact Us
About us
Home
About Us
ABOUT OUR SELF
JOINTER'S TRAINING
QUALITY CERTIFICATION
ABOUT OUR SELF
We are the manufacturer of heat shrinkable cable accessories since from 2011. We have developed our own heat-shrink compound which meets the customer and technical requirement. We have Excellent experience in heat-shrink technology and manufacturing of heat shrinkable power cable accessories such as breakouts, skirts (Rain-Shed), tubes etc.
We have continuously improved the quality of the product by doing the research and development ( R & D) over the products to meet the customer requirements and fulfill all the international and domestic standards and customer requirements we assured to all that our products are surely and defiantly meets all the international as well as domestic standards.
JOINTER'S TRAINING
PM industries run a technical seminar and organize sessions in cable jointing practice for customers engineers which include lecturers and practicals in house and on sites for the education of new jointers to make families with PM industries products.
The company issues authorization certification to the cable jointers who pass in practical tests for "PM-Seal" brand kits installations company has also been sending the jointers to install the "PM-Seal" brand kits on extra changes except for the rates of kits.
QUALITY CERTIFICATION
PM industries have been dedicated to serving the electrical industries by providing the highest quality products to meet all applications requirements. Its the region why we are the preferred suppliers for more and more customers.
We have earned their trust. Our definitions of customers satisfactions going for beyond providing reliable products at competitive prices. It includes customers expectations with courteous knowledgeable order taking on-time delivery and fast response to every customer inquiry.
PERFORMANCE CERTIFICATE
"PM-Seal" terminations & joints are satisfactorily engaged to provide a fast and easy installation with reliable performance.
                The terminations & joints designed to compliance the type test or exceed the requirements of applicable national and international cable and cable accessories standards like IS 13573(2011) IEC:60502-4 IEEE:48-404 CENELEC HD 629.1/VDE:0278.
QUALITY ASSURANCE
We ensure to deliver high quality & timely delivery of products. PM industries are committed to producing high-quality heat shrinkable power cable accessories to meet or exceed the highest performance standards in many countries. A well established Q.A. system corporate as various levels of design development and manufacturing ensures for repeatable results which ensure for an excellent performance of our products in actual conditions.
Our Product
Heat shrinkable terminations and straight through joints offer technical superiority for perfect terminations and joints for PVS/PILC/XLPE/EPR low  and medium range power cable up to 33 KVA cables.
Utilizing state of the art polymer manufacturing technology "PM-Seal" brand power cable
       accessories provide excellent protection against tracking electrical stress & dielectric stress.
"PM-Seal" branded kits exhibit the ability to effective functions under the most strengthen operating conditions for most at least the life of the cable on worldwide. "PM-Seal" branded kits are technically, environmentally and user-friendly.
Product Descriptions
The termination & joint kits are heat shrinkable designed for extruded, armored and unarmored cables. The design has been focused to provide the basic important functions required for medium voltage power cable accessories including the electrical performance stress relief measures, environmental seal, mechanical fatigues & other related performance parameters laid down in different countries for various service conditions.
The installed terminations virtually duplicate a cable systems performance electrically thermally and mechanically. The design is flexible to accommodate out of round or off tolerance cable in both round & sector shaped conductors.
QUALITY ASSURANCE
We ensure to deliver high quality & timely delivery of products. PM industries are committed to producing high-quality heat shrinkable power cable accessories to meet
              or exceed the highest performance standards in many countries.
SALIENT FEATURES:
Fits a wide dimensional range
Accommodation of tolerances, different conductors cross section & cable constructions
Repeatable results
Excellent weather & UV resistance
Exceptional insulation properties
High tracking resistance in harsh environment
Shelf life limitations are unlimited time for below or up to 50°C
If  You Need Any Industrial Solution ... We Are Available For You
Contact Us
©
All Rights Reserved PMSeal | Marketed  By
Veerbhadra Technologies
