PM Industries Solapur| Right Angle Boot
Home
About Us
About Our Self
Our Team
Our Product
Ordering Information
3 Core XLPE/EPR/PVC Insulated Termination Kit
Single Core XLPE/EPR/PVC Insulated Termination Kit
3 Core Paper Insulated Lead
Low Voltage Termination
Straight Through Join Sutaible For PVC/XLPE/EPR Cable
Straight Through Joint Sutaible For XLPE/PILC Cable
Molded Products
Anti-tracking Cable Breakout
Two, Three and Four Way LV Breakout
Right Angle Boot
Straight Boot
Busbar Insulation Tubing (Red)
Creepage Extension Shed (Rain-Shed)
Contact Us
Right Angle Boot
Home
Right Angle Boot
Anti Tracking Cable
Two, Three And Four Way Cable
Right Angle Boot
Straight Boot
Busbar Insulation Tubing
Creepage Extension Shed
Heat Shrinkable Right Angle Boot
We provide Heat Shrinkable Right Angle/ Straight Boots. These boots provide insulation to the cable termination box, where clearance between phase to phase and phase to earth is less than the normal are clearance.
With the aid of our wide clientele and excellent shipment modes, we made able to manufacture and export Heat Shrinkable Right Angle Boot.
Features
Excellent sealing properties
Highly reliable
Efficient performance
Standard Size:
PERFORMANCE CERTIFICATE
"PM-Seal" terminations & joints are satisfactorily engaged to provide fast and easy installation with reliable performance.
       the terminations & joints designed to compliance the type test or exceed the requirements of applicable national and international cable and cable accessories standards like IS:13573(2011) IEC:60502-4 IEEE:48-404 CENELEC HD 629.1/VDE:0278.
DESCRIPTIONS
The termination & joint kits are heat shrinkable designed for 3 core extruded' shielded armored and unarmored cable. The design has been focused to provide the basic important functions required for medium voltage power cable accessories including the electrical performance stress relief measures, environmental seal,
        mechanical fatigue & other related performance parameters laid down in different countries for various service conditions.
        The installed terminations virtually duplicate a cable systems performance electrically thermally and mechanically.
        The design is flexible to accommodate out of round or off tolerance cable in both round & sector shaped conductors.
SALIENT FEATURES
Fits a wide dimensional range
Accommodation of tolerances, different conductors cross section & cable constructions
Repeatable results
Excellent weather & UV resistance
Exceptional insulation properties
High tracking resistance in harsh environment
Shelf life limitations are unlimited time for below or up to  50°C
QUALITY ASSURANCE
We ensure to deliver high quality & timely delivery of products. PM industries are committed to producing high-quality heat shrinkable power cable accessories to meet or exceed the highest performance standards in many countries. A well-established Q. A.  system corporate as various levels of design development and manufacturing ensure for repeatable results which ensures for the excellent performance of our products in actual conditions.
Electrical Performance
For 11 Kv
For 22 Kv
For 33 Kv
Test Requirements
Requirements
Typical Value
Requirements
Typical Value
Requirements
Typical Value
A.C Withstand 1 Minute Test
35Kv
Pass
50Kv
Pass
75Kv
Pass
D.C Withstand 15 Minute Test
48Kv
Pass
96Kv
Pass
144Kv
Pass
Discharge Extinction Voltage(<5pc)
12.7Kv
>12.7Kv
25.4Kv
>25.4Kv
38Kv
>38Kv
Impulse Withstand (Crest Kv)
75Kv
>75Kv
125Kv
>125Kv
170Kv
>170Kv
Continuous Current Rating
As per Cable
As per Cable
As per Cable
As per Cable
As per Cable
As per Cable
Accessories & Optional Item
Standard Tail Lenght for 11 kv.is 600mm outdoor and 450mm for indoor terminations.
Standard Tail Lenght for 22 kv.is 800mm for outdoor and 550mm for indoor termination.
Standard Tail length for 33kv.is 900mm for outdoor and 700mm for indoor terminations.
Special tail lengths available on request.
Solderless and special purpose earthing kits also available on request.
Polymeric Insulators and T Brackets for installation on terminations on the single pole are available on request.
Note
All kits are supplied with full kit contents for making a termination.
All indoor Kits for 11 Kv are supplied without rain sheds
All indoor terminations for 22Kv are supplied with 1 Rain Shed on each core
All indoor terminations for 33Kv are supplied with 2 Rain Shed on each core
If  You Need Any Heat Shrink Products ... We Are Available For You
Contact Us
©
All Rights Reserved PMSeal | Marketed  By
Veerbhadra Technologies
